Open the Reports module.
p02
Every figure a client asks you for starts here.
p03
A hundred and seventy-three reports, already sorted so you're not digging through a folder.
p04
The left sidebar is your way in.
p05
Start at the top of the sidebar.
p06
These five shortcuts are pre-built slices of the same list.
p07
The ones you starred, the ones running on a timer, the analytics set.
p08
When a client wants what they always want, you skip the search and click the view.
p09
Below that, nineteen categories.
p10
Financial, transactions, employee labor, inventory, and the rest,
p11
each with a live count beside it.
p12
Some are broad, like transactions with twenty-one reports.
p13
Some hold just one, like weather.
p14
This is how you turn a wall of reports into the two or three
p15
that actually answer the question in front of you.
p16
On the right, the list itself.
p17
A search box sits above it.
p18
Type a few letters of a report's name and the list shrinks to match.
p19
Faster than paging through four screens when you already know what you're after.
p20
Top right, one button: Schedule Report.
p21
That's how a report gets put on a timer and mailed out on its own.
p22
We're only pointing at it today.
p23
It sends, so we leave it alone.
p24
Now the columns.
p25
A star for favorites, the report's name, its category, its type, and when it last ran.
p26
Five columns tell you what a report is and whether anyone has touched it lately.
p27
Look at the Type column.
p28
Standard, Scheduled, or Analytics.
p29
A dash under Last Run means nobody has run it yet.
p30
A date and time means someone did.
p31
The daily financial, for instance, has a scheduled twin that last ran in late March.
p32
And the starred rows are your favorites, one click away in that view up top.
p33
Click a report to open it.
p34
Take the daily financial.
p35
The list steps aside and the report viewer takes over.
p36
Same idea as opening a file: you picked it, now you're inside it.
p37
Across the top, the filters.
p38
A location selector, a date range with a from and a to, and a More Filters button for the rest.
p39
This is where you tell the report which sites and which days before you run it.
p40
Two buttons frame it.
p41
Run Report renders it.
p42
Close Report backs you out.
p43
Notice Schedule Report isn't here.
p44
Scheduling stays on the hub; in here you only run and read.
p45
Click Run Report.
p46
Summary tiles and a table build from the filters you set.
p47
Running it only reads the numbers, so nothing is sent and nothing is saved.
p48
In the drill, you'll hunt down the per-location and per-shift rows,
p49
and the refund column, before you close it.
p50
Check the stamp on the result.
p51
It carries the date the report was generated,
p52
and in this demo it flags the figures as sample data.
p53
On a real client tenant that same line reads their live numbers instead.
p54
Done reading? Close Report.
p55
The viewer folds away and the full list is back, exactly as you left it.
p56
You ran a report and touched nothing.
p57
That's the whole loop.
p58
Find a report by view or category, open it,
p59
set the location and the dates, run it, read it, close it.
p60
When a client swears a report looks wrong, this is the screen you'll share with them.
p61
Now you know every control on it,
p62
and the next lesson takes you into the audit trail behind those numbers.